README.md, before:

### Hi there, I'm Scott Guinn 👋

# I'm a Software Developer, Teacher, Engineer, and Climber

- 🤖 I recently graduated from Hack Reactor's Advanced Software Engineering Immersive
- 🍎 I was hired on by Galvanize to help teach course materials and assist students in developing their skills as software engineers
- 👔 I am open to new opportunities in software development!
- 🥅 2021 Goals: Contribute to opern source and continue development/learning of Kotlin.
- ⛰️ Fun fact: I have climbed El Capitan, traversed the Teton Range, and climbed the East Face of Long's Peak!

### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />
<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />
<img align="left" alt="PostgreSQL" width="26px" src="https://wiki.postgresql.org/images/a/a4/PostgreSQL_logo.3colors.svg" />

<br />

---

[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/scott-guinn/

Commit message:

2021 README update
Updated with Webscale information and 2022 goals.

README.md, after:

### Hi there, I'm Scott Guinn 👋

# I'm a Software Developer, Teacher, Engineer, and Climber

- 🤖 I currently work as a software engineer for Webscale Networks providing security, scalability, performance and automation for brands across the globe.
- 🍎 In the past I was a student and subsequently hired by Galvanize to help teach students web development
- 👔 I have also worked in robotics, helping to found a successful startup in the marine automation industry called SeaSatellites.
- 🥅 2022 Goals: I'm on the hunt for a Raspberry Pi 4 for a marine oriented side-project. Let me know if you have any leads!
- ⛰️ Fun fact: I have climbed El Capitan, traversed the Teton Range, and climbed the East Face of Long's Peak!

### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />
<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />
<img align="left" alt="PostgreSQL" width="26px" src="https://wiki.postgresql.org/images/a/a4/PostgreSQL_logo.3colors.svg" />

<br />

---

[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/scott-guinn/
